---
layout: page
location: pages/coding/infra/cloud/aws/leaf
permalink: /pages/coding/infra/cloud/aws/S3
---
## Historic Notes

  - These notes were originally written 2018

## Configuring S3 buckets

  - If you click through from S3 to an individual file, you’ll see the
    url for that file.
    1.  You will also see Properties and Permissions, to see how these
        are configured for other files.

## S3 Logs

  - This is for looking at logs which have already been archived into S3
    (happens once an hour).
  - \!\! Don’t configure S3 logging without doing a reboot immediately
    afterwards \!\!
      - Otherwise in my experience it brought sites down
  - It can be hard to find the right logs in S3 buckets. 
      - Every time a new server is spun up by the load balancer, we got
        a new instance Id and therefore a new folder for logs.
      - To get a feel for what instance Id you might be interested in,
        go to EBS and look at Events on the left hand side – you will
        see details of recent instances that have been created
      - **CAUTION**
          - \!\! In my experience for each instance Id, the logs were
            not listed sequentially. This means that when you are on
            page 1 of the results, you will not see all logs for a
            particular date. You have to **CHECK EVERY PAGE OF
            RESULTS** if you want logs for a particular time.
  - **How do you know whether logs are being recorded in S3?**
      - To find out / change whether logs are being recorded in S3 for a
        particular environment, go here:
      - EBS | Select application | select environment | click
        Configuration on the left | look under Software Configuration,
        where it says Log Options - you can “enable log file rotation to
        Amazon S3”.

## Fetch log files from an S3 docker container

  - To get into a docker container from outside:
      - This: **sudo docker ps**
      - Then this (fill in id): **sudo docker exec –it \[id\]
        /bin/bash**
  - Then **cd logs**
  - Current log output will be in **\[log-name\].log**, but it is
    regularly emptied out into zip files in the **rotated** sub-folder,
    so sometimes it is empty.
      - Anything in the **rotated** folder should have already been
        copied into the S3 bucket
  - If you want to view contents, you can just do **cat
    \[log-name\].log**
  - If you want to copy log file contents to your local machine:
      - Exit docker container: **exit**
      - Then run this command to copy log out of container and into
        host: **sudo docker cp
        470bdbc4d391:/opt/myfolder/logs/mything.log ./**
          - You’ll need the correct file name
          - You’ll also need the correct docker container id
      - Then exit instance: **logout**
      - Then back on local machine, run this command to fetch log and
        copy to local: **scp -i "/Volumes/GoogleDrive/My
        Drive/go-server.pem"
        ec2-user@[ip-address]:/home/ec2-user/mything.log
        "/Volumes/GoogleDrive/My Drive/"**
          - You’ll need the correct file name
          - You’ll also need the correct user name / IP address
